scripts & tools used in day 3 of Azure Infrastructure Bootcamp


1. Log onto Azure Portal with your own (non-aisU) account and open up a Cloud Shell. Best to use PowerShell mode...<br>If this is the first time you've used cloud shell, you can follow the [first two parts of the quickstart here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/quickstart-powershell).<br>NOTE: if your account has access to more than one subscription, you may need to select the intended destination subscription with a "az account set --subscrition <yourSubscriptionName>" command.
2. Use the [Quickstart-PowerShell.ps1](/aisUAzureInfrastructureBootcamp/InfrastructureBootcamp/IAM/Quickstart-PowerShell.ps1) as a guide to set up a Hello World PaaS app service in your Azure subscription using the quickstart templates from free on GitHub. (edit the variable for resource group to suite you)  These commands add control to the rgp being used and attempts to personalize the index.html by adding your name to it. (also be aware it changed assumed location to "eastus2")<br>As an alternative, you could use the instructions here to set up a hello world App Service: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/app-service-web-get-started-html<br>If you're obsessed with Bash you can try [this version of the quickstart script](/aisUAzureInfrastructureBootcamp/InfrastructureBootcamp/IAM/Quickstart-Bash.sh) but there are no promises.
3. It will defintely work the first time because nothing in the cloud ever goes wrong. 🧐<br>Copy the URL the successful deployment gives you and try it out on any browser. It should work. Now post your URL on the bootcamp chat and maybe try out some other people's sites. Isn't it great when things work?<br>However, if the "html-docs-hello-world" quickstart deployment doesn't work, then you can use the [Setup-CloudShell_ManualAppService.ps1](/aisUAzureInfrastructureBootcamp/InfrastructureBootcamp/IAM/Setup-CloudShell_ManualAppService.ps1) instead. (It's not as glitzy though.)
4. Take that new App Service and enable it for authentication using the Express Settings (see "https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service/configure-authentication-provider-aad#-configure-with-express-settings").<br>Following the instructions for step 5 to set action for non authentication to be "Log in with Azure Active Directory".
5. Browse to your App Service URL. You might get a weird response. You have your old page in browser cache. Either use an "incognito mode" browser or clear your cache and try again. You should be prompted for authentication. Put in your appliedis.com creds and watch the magic.<br>Now try out some of the other students' URLs again.
